showcase/file-generation.md, before:

# How images in the showcase were generated

All commands were run from the repo base

## ulam-spiral.webp

![stock 201x201 ulam spiral](./ulam-spiral.webp)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run -- --output showcase/ulam-spiral.webp ulam-spiral`

A stock standard ulam spiral, not much special here.

## ulam-spiral-divisor.webp

![ulam spiral but with circles changing size depending on number of factors](./ulam-spiral-divisor.webp)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run -- --output showcase/ulam-spiral-divisor.webp ulam-spiral --mode divisor --size 100000 --color #74b2e4 --background-color #343234`

This one was constructed to match [this image](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/File:Ulam_Spiral_Divisors_100000.png)

## mandelbrot.webp

![mandelbrot image](./mandelbrot.webp)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/mandelbrot.webp mandelbrot --gradient`

## tangent-wave.png

![animated image showing a tangent being drawn](./tangent-wave.png)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/tangent-wave.png wave --color orangered --wave-type tangent`

## sierpinski-zoom.png

![animated image showing an infinite zoom on a sierpinski triangle](./sierpinski-zoom.png)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/sierpinski-zoom sierpinski --color fuchsia --zoom`

## perlin.webp

Perlin noise image:

![image showing perlin noise with orange/purple colours](./perlin.webp)

Generated with the following:  
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/perlin.webp perlin --color1 orange --color2 purple`

Commit message:

Add farey sunburst image to be generated

showcase/file-generation.md, after:

# How images in the showcase were generated

All commands were run from the repo base

## ulam-spiral.webp

![stock 201x201 ulam spiral](./ulam-spiral.webp)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run -- --output showcase/ulam-spiral.webp ulam-spiral`

A stock standard ulam spiral, not much special here.

## ulam-spiral-divisor.webp

![ulam spiral but with circles changing size depending on number of factors](./ulam-spiral-divisor.webp)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run -- --output showcase/ulam-spiral-divisor.webp ulam-spiral --mode divisor --size 100000 --color #74b2e4 --background-color #343234`

This one was constructed to match [this image](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/File:Ulam_Spiral_Divisors_100000.png)

## mandelbrot.webp

![mandelbrot image](./mandelbrot.webp)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/mandelbrot.webp mandelbrot --gradient`

## tangent-wave.png

![animated image showing a tangent being drawn](./tangent-wave.png)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/tangent-wave.png wave --color orangered --wave-type tangent`

## sierpinski-zoom.png

![animated image showing an infinite zoom on a sierpinski triangle](./sierpinski-zoom.png)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/sierpinski-zoom sierpinski --color fuchsia --zoom`

## perlin.webp

Perlin noise image:

![image showing perlin noise with orange/purple colours](./perlin.webp)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run --release -- --output showcase/perlin.webp perlin --color1 orange --color2 purple`

## farey.webp

A farey sunburst as per the [wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farey_sequence) using the cool way of generating farey sequences.

![image showing a sunburst image](./farey.webp)

Generated with the following:
`cargo run -- --output=showcase/farey.webp farey --n=6 --color=black`
